# WowClassicIta Addon

## Description

WowClassicIta is a World of Warcraft Classic addon designed to enhance your gameplay experience by providing Italian translations and localized content. This addon aims to make the game more accessible and enjoyable for Italian-speaking players.

## Features

- [x] Italian translation for quests descriptions and objectives.
- [ ] Italian translation for gossips
- [ ] Italian translation for spells
- [ ] Italian translation for items
- [ ] Italian translation for skills

## Manual Installation

1. Download the addon from the repository.
2. Extract the downloaded folder into your WoW Classic addons directory:

    ```
    C:/Program Files (x86)/World of Warcraft/_classic_/Interface/AddOns/
    ```

3. Ensure the folder is named `WowClassicIta`.
4. Reload World of Warcraft Classic (`/reload`).

## Usage

1. Launch World of Warcraft Classic.
2. Go to the AddOns menu on the character selection screen.
3. Enable `WowClassicIta`.
4. Enjoy the game with Italian translations!

## Works with Debug Version

If you want to contribute to the development of WowClassicIta and work with an unpackaged version (loading the development version directly in WoW), you can place this project folder directly in your AddOns directory.

- First, clone this repository:

   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/rez23/WowClassicIta
   ```

- Link your addon project folder to your WoW addons folder. For example, on Windows systems:

   ```powershell
   New-Item -ItemType Junction -Path "D:\Battlenet\games\World of Warcraft\_classic_era_\Interface\AddOns\WowClassicIta" -Value ".\WowClassicIta"
   ```

- Now that everything is set up for loading your addon, you need to acquire the necessary libraries via the packager:
  - Create a `.releases` folder for local releases and copy the `release.sh` script:

       ```powershell
       Set-Location -Path .\WowClassicIta
       New-Item -ItemType Directory -Path .\.releases
       Copy-Item -Path .\.packager\release.sh -Destination .\.releases\release.sh
       ```

  - Build the addon as follows (for example, using WSL2):
     > **NB:** *packager requires a GNU/Linux system to work.*

     ```powershell
     bash.exe ./.releases/release.sh -d -z
     ```

     This will build the addon while skipping ZIP creation and uploading.
  - Link the libraries folder generated by the packager into your main folder:

      ```powershell
      New-Item -ItemType Junction -Path .\Libs -Value ".\.releases\WowClassicIta\Libs"
      ```

- Enable addon and Reload World of Warcraft.

## Advanced usage

type /wci or /ita in chat to get a list of options or
configure the addon via the default blizard addon menu

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions, feel free to open an issue in the repository or contact the development team.

## License

This addon is distributed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

Enjoy your adventures in Azeroth with WowClassicIta!

## Credits and Thanks

A big thank you to everyone who has contributed or will contribute to the development and testing of WowClassicIta.

Special thanks goes to:

- [@Girolamone](https://github.com/Girolamone) for the Italian quests translations and for his work [here](https://github.com/Girolamone/WoWita-quests).
- Icedany for the original PC translation that helped me really a lot.
- The developers and maintainers of the Ace3 libraries largely used by this project.
- @N6REJ and its [wowAddonTemplate](https://github.com/N6REJ/wowAddonTemplate) that I used as base for the project
- [packager](https://github.com/BigWigsMods/packager) developers for their incredibly powerful generator
